document is_authenticated function per issue #13 and send_webmention function (#14)
capjamesg/indieweb-utils: docs/source/usage.rst

.. autofunction:: indieweb_utils.discover_original_post

This function will return the URL of the original version of a post, if one is found. Otherwise, None will be returned.

Send a Webmention
------------------

To send a webmention to a target, use this function:

.. autofunction:: indieweb_utils.send_webmention

This function will return a dictionary with the following keys:

    - `status`: "success" or "failed" depending on the outcome of the webmention.
    - `title`: A high-level message describing the outcome of the webmention.
    - `description`: A string describing the status of the response.
    - `url`: The target URL.

Discover all Feeds on a Page
-----------------------------

To discover the feeds on a page, use this function:

.. autofunction:: indieweb_utils.discover_web_page_feeds

> This function returns a dictionary with all feeds on a page.

Reviewer: `discover_web_page_feeds` no longer returns a dictionary, but rather a `FeedUrl`.

```suggestion
Returns a list containing a FeedUrl object for each feed found on the page.
```
